Banners Transmission & Engines Complete Automotive Repair. Please call 360-333-0583 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
We offer patching it up warranty, 3-month or 3,000 mile warranty, 12 month or 12,000 Mile warranty, 3 year or 36,000 mile warranty, 5 year or 50,000 mile warranty. The price just depends on what the transmission needs and how long you want it to last. We offer emergency road service and towing. The manager is available 24 hours a day 7 days a week. We offer on site removal and installation of your transmission meaning at your home. We are also available to do any other repairs that you might need at your home instead of at the shop. We will show you where to get a rental car if needed.  Our repairs are generally at half what the other guys charge. We offer Complete Automotive repair. Engine replacement, brakes, shocks and struts, radiators, heater cores, complete suspension work, head gaskets, oil leak repair, wiring repair, basic diagnostics and major diagnostics, starters and alternators, belts and hoses. Detail auto and truck if needed. Differential repair, rear end repair, transfer case repair. Power steering and power steering lines. Thermostat and gasket when needed. Tune-ups. 30 60 90 factory schedule maintenance. We work on everything from little cars to big trucks and 4x4s.
When you find yourself in the situation where everywhere you're calling is saying that you need a complete rebuild or full rebuild, watch out. It's only common sense, what is a complete rebuild or full rebuild? How can there be so many different prices. Well it's only common sense that most places are just trying to get all they can rather than trying to help you and get it done at the lowest cost possible. We will show you the most inexpensive way to fix any repair but we also offer the best of repairs as well for people that are looking for that. There is no way to tell what a transmission is going to need until you take it apart. So we say why go fishing. Because when you deal with someone that just quotes you a flat price that's really high it's only common sense they don't have your best interest in mind. However we do. If you're looking to fix it as inexpensively as possible we will show you how to do that. If you want to make it last forever we will show you how to do that too. Because we do offer lifetime warranty if needed. Our turnaround time on Transmissions repairs are generally 3 to 5 days if all the parts are in stock and we don't have to special order anything, whereas most shops take three to seven weeks. So if you're looking for a really good job done right and at a good price please call our manager 24/7. His name is Tom and his number is 360-333-0583. And you can call him 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
